README.md, before:

# RedditView 

RedditView is a minimal React/Redux reddit viewer, using the reddit JSON API. This project has been built for the CodeCademy Full Stack Career Path, as part of the portfolio projects.

## Learning Aims
* Create a self directed project, making design and implementation decision independantly, and understanding their advantages and trade offs.
* Adhere to best practices to the best of my ability
* Experiment with unit, integration and end to end testing
* Use git & github projects to manage the development process
* Create a beautiful, interactive, mobile-first design using TailwindCSS

## Technology
* React 17
* Redux 7
* React-Router v5
* TailwindCSS 2.0

## Future Work
This project is limited in scope as to maxamise the learning by focusing on key ideas and then take them to new projects. These leaves plenty of options for expanding on this work.
* Currently only shows top level comments, this could be expanded to show all the comments
* User pages
* Better support for video cards
* Refactor reddit utility and components to better seperate concerns and presentation / container (something I learnt a lot about on this project!)

## License
This code is published as part of a learning process, and its development is representative of this. It is published as a record of my process and in the hope that it might help others grow with me.

```
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
```

Commit message:

Set up for gh-pages deploy

README.md, after:

# RedditView 

RedditView is a minimal React/Redux reddit viewer, using the reddit JSON API. This project has been built for the CodeCademy Full Stack Career Path, as part of the portfolio projects.

You can view this project live on [Github Pages](https://h-arry-smith.github.io/reddit-view/)

## Learning Aims
* Create a self directed project, making design and implementation decision independantly, and understanding their advantages and trade offs.
* Adhere to best practices to the best of my ability
* Experiment with unit, integration and end to end testing
* Use git & github projects to manage the development process
* Create a beautiful, interactive, mobile-first design using TailwindCSS

## Technology
* React 17
* Redux 7
* React-Router v5
* TailwindCSS 2.0

## Future Work
This project is limited in scope as to maxamise the learning by focusing on key ideas and then take them to new projects. These leaves plenty of options for expanding on this work.
* Currently only shows top level comments, this could be expanded to show all the comments
* User pages
* Better support for video cards
* Refactor reddit utility and components to better seperate concerns and presentation / container (something I learnt a lot about on this project!)

## License
This code is published as part of a learning process, and its development is representative of this. It is published as a record of my process and in the hope that it might help others grow with me.

```
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to <https://unlicense.org>
```
